plugins/extractors/http/README.md, before:

# http

Generic Extractor capable of using the HTTP response from an external API for
constructing the following assets types:

- [`Bucket`][proton-bucket]
- [`Dashboard`][proton-dashboard]
- [`Experiment`][proton-experiment]
- [`FeatureTable`][proton-featuretable]
- [`Group`][proton-group]
- [`Job`][proton-job]
- [`Metric`][proton-metric]
- [`Model`][proton-model]
- [`Application`][proton-application]
- [`Table`][proton-table]
- [`Topic`][proton-topic]
- [`User`][proton-user]

The user specified script has access to the response, if the API call was
successful, and can use it for constructing and emitting assets using a custom
script. Currently, [Tengo][tengo] is the only supported script engine.

Refer Tengo documentation for script language syntax and supported
functionality - https://github.com/d5/tengo/tree/v2.13.0#references.
[Tengo standard library modules][tengo-stdlib] can also be imported and used if
required (except the `os` module).

## Usage

```yaml
source:
  scope: gotocompany
  type: http
  config:
    request:
      url: "https://example.com/api/v1/endpoint"
      query_params:
        - key: param_key
          value: param_value
      method: "POST"
      headers:
        "User-Id": "1a4336bc-bc6a-4972-83c1-d6426b4d79c3"
      content_type: application/json
      accept: application/json
      body:
        key: value
      timeout: 5s
    success_codes: [ 200 ]
    concurrency: 3
    script:
      engine: tengo
      source: |
        asset := new_asset("user")
        // modify the asset using 'response'...
        emit(asset)
```

## Inputs

| Key                        | Value    | Example                                | Description                                                                                     | Required? |
|:---------------------------|:---------|:---------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------|
| `request`                  | `Object` | see [Request](#request)                | The configuration for constructing and sending HTTP request.                                    | ✅         |
| `success_codes`            | `[]int`  | `[200]`                                | The list of status codes that would be considered as a successful response. Default is `[200]`. | ✘         |
| `concurrency`              | `int`    | `5`                                    | Number of concurrent child requests to execute. Default is `5`                                  | ✘         |
| `script.engine`            | `string` | `tengo`                                | Script engine. Only `"tengo"` is supported currently                                            | ✅         |
| `script.source`            | `string` | see [Worked Example](#worked-example). | [Tengo][tengo] script used to map the response into 0 or more assets.                           | ✅         |
| `script.max_allocs`        | `int`    | 10000                                  | The max number of object allocations allowed during the script run time. Default is `5000`.     | ✘         |
| `script.max_const_objects` | `int`    | 1000                                   | The maximum number of constant objects in the compiled script. Default is `500`.                | ✘         |

### Request

| Key            | Value               | Example                              | Description                                                                 | Required? |
|:---------------|:--------------------|:-------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------|
| `url`          | `string`            | `http://example.com/api/v1/endpoint` | The HTTP endpoint to send request to                                        | ✅         |
| `query_params` | `[]{key, value}`    | `[{"key":"s","value":"One Piece"}]`  | The query parameters to be added to the request URL.                        | ✘         |
| `method`       | `string`            | `GET`/`POST`                         | The HTTP verb/method to use with request. Default is `GET`.                 | ✘         |
| `headers`      | `map[string]string` | `{"Api-Token": "..."}`               | Headers to send in the HTTP request.                                        | ✘         |
| `content_type` | `string`            | `application/json`                   | Content type for encoding request body. Also sent as a header.              | ✅         |
| `accept`       | `string`            | `application/json`                   | Sent as the `Accept` header. Also indicates the format to use for decoding. | ✅         |
| `body`         | `Object`            | `{"key": "value"}`                   | The request body to be sent.                                                | ✘         |
| `timeout`      | `string`            | `1s`                                 | Timeout for the HTTP request. Default is 5s.                                | ✘         |

### Notes

- In case of conflicts between query parameters present in `request.url`
  and `request.query_params`, `request.query_params` takes precedence.
- Currently, only `application/json` is supported for encoding the request body
  and for decoding the response body. If `Content-Type` and `Accept` headers are
  added under `request.headers`, they will be ignored and overridden.
- Script is only executed if the response status code matches
  the `success_codes` provided.
- Tengo is the only supported script engine.
- Tengo's `os` stdlib module cannot be imported and used in the script.

### Script Globals

- [`recipe_scope`](#recipe_scope)
- [`response`](#response)
- [`new_asset(string): Asset`](#new_assetstring-asset)
- [`emit(Asset)`](#emitasset)
- [`execute_request(...requests): []Response`](#executerequestrequests-response)
- [`exit`](#exit)

#### `recipe_scope`

The value of the scope specified in the recipe (string).

With the following example recipe:

```yaml
source:
  scope: integration
  type: http
  config:
  #...
```

The value of `recipe_scope` will be `integration`.

#### `response`

HTTP response received with the `status_code`, `header` and `body`. Ex:

```json
{
  "status_code": "200",
  "header": {
    "link": "</products?page=5&perPage=20>;rel=self,</products?page=0&perPage=20>;rel=first,</products?page=4&perPage=20>;rel=previous,</products?page=6&perPage=20>;rel=next,</products?page=26&perPage=20>;rel=last"
  },
  "body": [
    {"id": 1, "name": "Widget #1"},
    {"id": 2, "name": "Widget #2"},
    {"id": 3, "name": "Widget #3"}
  ]
}
```

The header names are always in lower case. See
[Worked Example](#worked-example) for detailed usage.

#### `new_asset(string): Asset`

Takes a single string parameter and returns an asset instance. The `type`
parameter can be one of the following:

- `"bucket"` ([proto][proton-bucket])
- `"dashboard"` ([proto][proton-dashboard])
- `"experiment"` ([proto][proton-experiment])
- `"feature_table"` ([proto][proton-featuretable])
- `"group"` ([proto][proton-group])
- `"job"` ([proto][proton-job])
- `"metric"` ([proto][proton-metric])
- `"model"` ([proto][proton-model])
- `"application"` ([proto][proton-application])
- `"table"` ([proto][proton-table])
- `"topic"` ([proto][proton-topic])
- `"user"` ([proto][proton-user])

The asset can then be modified in the script to set properties that are
available for the given asset type.

**WARNING:** Do not overwrite the `data` property, set fields on it instead.
Translating script object into proto fails otherwise.

```go
// Bad
asset.data = {full_name: "Daiyamondo Jozu"}

// Good
asset.data.full_name = "Daiyamondo Jozu"
```

#### `emit(Asset)`

Takes an asset and emits the asset that can then be consumed by the
processor/sink.

#### `execute_request(...requests): []Response`

Takes 1 or more requests and executes the requests with the concurrency defined
in the recipe. The results are returned as an array. Each item in the array can
be an error or the HTTP response. The request object supports the properties
defined in the [Request](#request) input section.

When a request is executed, it can fail due to temporary errors such as network
errors. These instances need to be handled in the script.

[//]: # (@formatter:off)

```go
if !response.body.success {
	exit()
}

reqs := []
for j in response.body.jobs {
	reqs = append(reqs, {
		url: format("http://my.server.com/jobs/%s/config", j.id),
		method: "GET",
		content_type: "application/json", 
		accept: "application/json",
		timeout: "5s" 
	})
}

responses := execute_request(reqs...)
for r in responses {
	if is_error(r) {
		// TODO: Handle it appropriately. The error value has the request and 
		//  error string:
		//  r.value.{request, error}
		continue 
	}
	
	asset := new_asset("job")
	asset.name = r.body.name
	exec_cfg := r.body["execution-config"]
	asset.data.attributes = {
	  "job_id": r.body.jid,
	  "job_parallelism": exec_cfg["job-parallelism"],
	  "config": exec_cfg["user-config"]
	}
	emit(asset)
}
```

[//]: # (@formatter:on)

If the request passed to the function fails validation, a runtime error is
thrown.

#### `exit()`

Terminates the script execution.

## Output

The output of the extractor depends on the user specified script. It can emit 0
or more assets.

### Worked Example

Lets consider a service that returns a list of users on making a `GET` call on
the endpoint `http://my_user_service.company.com/api/v1/users` in the following
format:

```json
{
  "success": "<bool>"
  "message": "<string>",
  "data": [
    {
      "manager_name": "<string>",
      "terminated": "<string: true/false>",
      "fullname": "<string>",
      "location_name": "<string>",
      "work_email": "<string: email>",
      "supervisory_org_id": "<string>",
      "supervisory_org_name": "<string>",
      "preferred_last_name": "<string>",
      "business_title": "<string>",
      "company_name": "<string>",
      "cost_center_id": "<string>",
      "preferred_first_name": "<string>",
      "product_name": "<string>",
      "cost_center_name": "<string>",
      "employee_id": "<string>",
      "manager_id": "<string>",
      "location_id": "<string: ID/IN>",
      "manager_id_2": "<string>",
      "termination_date": "<string: YYYY-MM-DD>",
      "company_hierarchy": "<string>",
      "company_id": "<string>",
      "preferred_middle_name": "<string>",
      "preferred_social_suffix": "<string>",
      "legal_middle_name": "<string>",
      "manager_email_2": "<string: email>",
      "legal_first_name": "<string>",
      "manager_name_2": "<string>",
      "manager_email": "<string: email>",
      "legal_last_name": "<string>"
    }
  ]
}
```

Assuming the authentication can be done using an `Api-Token` header, we can use
the following recipe:

```yaml
source:
  scope: production
  type: http
  config:
    request:
      url: "http://my_user_service.company.com/api/v1/users"
      method: "GET"
      headers:
        "Api-Token": "1a4336bc-bc6a-4972-83c1-d6426b4d79c3"
      content_type: application/json
      accept: application/json
      timeout: 5s
    success_codes: [ 200 ]
    script:
      engine: tengo
      source: |
        if !response.body.success {
          exit()
        }

        users := response.body.data
        for u in users {
          if u.email == "" {
            continue
          }

          asset := new_asset("user")
          // URN format: "urn:{service}:{scope}:{type}:{id}"
          asset.urn = format("urn:%s:staging:user:%s", "my_usr_svc", u.employee_id)
          asset.name = u.fullname
          asset.service = "my_usr_svc"
          // asset.type = "user" // not required, new_asset("user") sets the field.
          asset.data.email = u.work_email
          asset.data.username = u.employee_id
          asset.data.first_name = u.legal_first_name
          asset.data.last_name = u.legal_last_name
          asset.data.full_name = u.fullname
          asset.data.display_name = u.fullname
          asset.data.title = u.business_title
          asset.data.status = u.terminated == "true" ? "suspended" : "active"
          asset.data.manager_email = u.manager_email
          asset.data.attributes = {
            manager_id:           u.manager_id,
            cost_center_id:       u.cost_center_id, 
            supervisory_org_name: u.supervisory_org_name,
            location_id:          u.location_id,
            service_job_id:       response.header["x-job-id"]
          }
          emit(asset)
        }
```

This would emit a 'User' asset for each user object in `response.data`. Note
that the response headers can be accessed under `response.header` and can be
used as needed.

## Caveats

The following features are currently not supported:

- Explicit authentication support, ex: Basic auth/OAuth/OAuth2/JWT etc.
- Retries with configurable backoff.
- Content type for request/response body other than `application/json`.

## Contributing

Refer to
the [contribution guidelines](../../../docs/docs/contribute/guide.md#adding-a-new-extractor)
for information on contributing to this module.

[proton-bucket]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/bucket.proto#L13

[proton-dashboard]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/dashboard.proto#L14

[proton-experiment]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/experiment.proto#L15

[proton-featuretable]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/feature_table.proto#L32

[proton-group]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/group.proto#L12

[proton-job]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/job.proto#L13

[proton-metric]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/metric.proto#L13

[proton-model]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/model.proto#L17

[proton-application]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/application.proto#L11

[proton-table]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/table.proto#L14

[proton-topic]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/topic.proto#L14

[proton-user]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/user.proto#L15

[tengo]: https://github.com/d5/tengo

[tengo-stdlib]: https://github.com/d5/tengo/blob/v2.13.0/docs/stdlib.md

Commit message:

feat: add open-telemetry metrics to http clients

plugins/extractors/http/README.md, after:

# http

Generic Extractor capable of using the HTTP response from an external API for
constructing the following assets types:

- [`Bucket`][proton-bucket]
- [`Dashboard`][proton-dashboard]
- [`Experiment`][proton-experiment]
- [`FeatureTable`][proton-featuretable]
- [`Group`][proton-group]
- [`Job`][proton-job]
- [`Metric`][proton-metric]
- [`Model`][proton-model]
- [`Application`][proton-application]
- [`Table`][proton-table]
- [`Topic`][proton-topic]
- [`User`][proton-user]

The user specified script has access to the response, if the API call was
successful, and can use it for constructing and emitting assets using a custom
script. Currently, [Tengo][tengo] is the only supported script engine.

Refer Tengo documentation for script language syntax and supported
functionality - https://github.com/d5/tengo/tree/v2.13.0#references.
[Tengo standard library modules][tengo-stdlib] can also be imported and used if
required (except the `os` module).

## Usage

```yaml
source:
  scope: gotocompany
  type: http
  config:
    request:
      route_pattern: "/api/v1/endpoint"
      url: "https://example.com/api/v1/endpoint"
      query_params:
        - key: param_key
          value: param_value
      method: "POST"
      headers:
        "User-Id": "1a4336bc-bc6a-4972-83c1-d6426b4d79c3"
      content_type: application/json
      accept: application/json
      body:
        key: value
      timeout: 5s
    success_codes: [ 200 ]
    concurrency: 3
    script:
      engine: tengo
      source: |
        asset := new_asset("user")
        // modify the asset using 'response'...
        emit(asset)
```

## Inputs

| Key                        | Value    | Example                                | Description                                                                                     | Required? |
|:---------------------------|:---------|:---------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------|
| `request`                  | `Object` | see [Request](#request)                | The configuration for constructing and sending HTTP request.                                    | ✅         |
| `success_codes`            | `[]int`  | `[200]`                                | The list of status codes that would be considered as a successful response. Default is `[200]`. | ✘         |
| `concurrency`              | `int`    | `5`                                    | Number of concurrent child requests to execute. Default is `5`                                  | ✘         |
| `script.engine`            | `string` | `tengo`                                | Script engine. Only `"tengo"` is supported currently                                            | ✅         |
| `script.source`            | `string` | see [Worked Example](#worked-example). | [Tengo][tengo] script used to map the response into 0 or more assets.                           | ✅         |
| `script.max_allocs`        | `int`    | 10000                                  | The max number of object allocations allowed during the script run time. Default is `5000`.     | ✘         |
| `script.max_const_objects` | `int`    | 1000                                   | The maximum number of constant objects in the compiled script. Default is `500`.                | ✘         |

### Request

| Key             | Value               | Example                              | Description                                                                 | Required? |
|:----------------|:--------------------|:-------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------|
| `route_pattern` | `string`            | `/api/v1/endpoint`                   | A route pattern to use in metrics as `http.route` tag.                      | ✅         |
| `url`           | `string`            | `http://example.com/api/v1/endpoint` | The HTTP endpoint to send request to                                        | ✅         |
| `query_params`  | `[]{key, value}`    | `[{"key":"s","value":"One Piece"}]`  | The query parameters to be added to the request URL.                        | ✘         |
| `method`        | `string`            | `GET`/`POST`                         | The HTTP verb/method to use with request. Default is `GET`.                 | ✘         |
| `headers`       | `map[string]string` | `{"Api-Token": "..."}`               | Headers to send in the HTTP request.                                        | ✘         |
| `content_type`  | `string`            | `application/json`                   | Content type for encoding request body. Also sent as a header.              | ✅         |
| `accept`        | `string`            | `application/json`                   | Sent as the `Accept` header. Also indicates the format to use for decoding. | ✅         |
| `body`          | `Object`            | `{"key": "value"}`                   | The request body to be sent.                                                | ✘         |
| `timeout`       | `string`            | `1s`                                 | Timeout for the HTTP request. Default is 5s.                                | ✘         |

### Notes

- In case of conflicts between query parameters present in `request.url`
  and `request.query_params`, `request.query_params` takes precedence.
- Currently, only `application/json` is supported for encoding the request body
  and for decoding the response body. If `Content-Type` and `Accept` headers are
  added under `request.headers`, they will be ignored and overridden.
- Script is only executed if the response status code matches
  the `success_codes` provided.
- Tengo is the only supported script engine.
- Tengo's `os` stdlib module cannot be imported and used in the script.

### Script Globals

- [`recipe_scope`](#recipe_scope)
- [`response`](#response)
- [`new_asset(string): Asset`](#new_assetstring-asset)
- [`emit(Asset)`](#emitasset)
- [`execute_request(...requests): []Response`](#executerequestrequests-response)
- [`exit`](#exit)

#### `recipe_scope`

The value of the scope specified in the recipe (string).

With the following example recipe:

```yaml
source:
  scope: integration
  type: http
  config:
  #...
```

The value of `recipe_scope` will be `integration`.

#### `response`

HTTP response received with the `status_code`, `header` and `body`. Ex:

```json
{
  "status_code": "200",
  "header": {
    "link": "</products?page=5&perPage=20>;rel=self,</products?page=0&perPage=20>;rel=first,</products?page=4&perPage=20>;rel=previous,</products?page=6&perPage=20>;rel=next,</products?page=26&perPage=20>;rel=last"
  },
  "body": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "name": "Widget #1"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "name": "Widget #2"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "name": "Widget #3"
    }
  ]
}
```

The header names are always in lower case. See
[Worked Example](#worked-example) for detailed usage.

#### `new_asset(string): Asset`

Takes a single string parameter and returns an asset instance. The `type`
parameter can be one of the following:

- `"bucket"` ([proto][proton-bucket])
- `"dashboard"` ([proto][proton-dashboard])
- `"experiment"` ([proto][proton-experiment])
- `"feature_table"` ([proto][proton-featuretable])
- `"group"` ([proto][proton-group])
- `"job"` ([proto][proton-job])
- `"metric"` ([proto][proton-metric])
- `"model"` ([proto][proton-model])
- `"application"` ([proto][proton-application])
- `"table"` ([proto][proton-table])
- `"topic"` ([proto][proton-topic])
- `"user"` ([proto][proton-user])

The asset can then be modified in the script to set properties that are
available for the given asset type.

**WARNING:** Do not overwrite the `data` property, set fields on it instead.
Translating script object into proto fails otherwise.

```go
// Bad
asset.data = {full_name: "Daiyamondo Jozu"}

// Good
asset.data.full_name = "Daiyamondo Jozu"
```

#### `emit(Asset)`

Takes an asset and emits the asset that can then be consumed by the
processor/sink.

#### `execute_request(...requests): []Response`

Takes 1 or more requests and executes the requests with the concurrency defined
in the recipe. The results are returned as an array. Each item in the array can
be an error or the HTTP response. The request object supports the properties
defined in the [Request](#request) input section.

When a request is executed, it can fail due to temporary errors such as network
errors. These instances need to be handled in the script.

[//]: # (@formatter:off)

```go
if !response.body.success {
	exit()
}

reqs := []
for j in response.body.jobs {
	reqs = append(reqs, {
		url: format("http://my.server.com/jobs/%s/config", j.id),
		method: "GET",
		content_type: "application/json", 
		accept: "application/json",
		timeout: "5s" 
	})
}

responses := execute_request(reqs...)
for r in responses {
	if is_error(r) {
		// TODO: Handle it appropriately. The error value has the request and 
		//  error string:
		//  r.value.{request, error}
		continue 
	}
	
	asset := new_asset("job")
	asset.name = r.body.name
	exec_cfg := r.body["execution-config"]
	asset.data.attributes = {
	  "job_id": r.body.jid,
	  "job_parallelism": exec_cfg["job-parallelism"],
	  "config": exec_cfg["user-config"]
	}
	emit(asset)
}
```

[//]: # (@formatter:on)

If the request passed to the function fails validation, a runtime error is
thrown.

#### `exit()`

Terminates the script execution.

## Output

The output of the extractor depends on the user specified script. It can emit 0
or more assets.

### Worked Example

Lets consider a service that returns a list of users on making a `GET` call on
the endpoint `http://my_user_service.company.com/api/v1/users` in the following
format:

```json
{
  "success": "<bool>"
  "message": "<string>",
  "data": [
    {
      "manager_name": "<string>",
      "terminated": "<string: true/false>",
      "fullname": "<string>",
      "location_name": "<string>",
      "work_email": "<string: email>",
      "supervisory_org_id": "<string>",
      "supervisory_org_name": "<string>",
      "preferred_last_name": "<string>",
      "business_title": "<string>",
      "company_name": "<string>",
      "cost_center_id": "<string>",
      "preferred_first_name": "<string>",
      "product_name": "<string>",
      "cost_center_name": "<string>",
      "employee_id": "<string>",
      "manager_id": "<string>",
      "location_id": "<string: ID/IN>",
      "manager_id_2": "<string>",
      "termination_date": "<string: YYYY-MM-DD>",
      "company_hierarchy": "<string>",
      "company_id": "<string>",
      "preferred_middle_name": "<string>",
      "preferred_social_suffix": "<string>",
      "legal_middle_name": "<string>",
      "manager_email_2": "<string: email>",
      "legal_first_name": "<string>",
      "manager_name_2": "<string>",
      "manager_email": "<string: email>",
      "legal_last_name": "<string>"
    }
  ]
}
```

Assuming the authentication can be done using an `Api-Token` header, we can use
the following recipe:

```yaml
source:
  scope: production
  type: http
  config:
    request:
      url: "http://my_user_service.company.com/api/v1/users"
      method: "GET"
      headers:
        "Api-Token": "1a4336bc-bc6a-4972-83c1-d6426b4d79c3"
      content_type: application/json
      accept: application/json
      timeout: 5s
    success_codes: [ 200 ]
    script:
      engine: tengo
      source: |
        if !response.body.success {
          exit()
        }

        users := response.body.data
        for u in users {
          if u.email == "" {
            continue
          }

          asset := new_asset("user")
          // URN format: "urn:{service}:{scope}:{type}:{id}"
          asset.urn = format("urn:%s:staging:user:%s", "my_usr_svc", u.employee_id)
          asset.name = u.fullname
          asset.service = "my_usr_svc"
          // asset.type = "user" // not required, new_asset("user") sets the field.
          asset.data.email = u.work_email
          asset.data.username = u.employee_id
          asset.data.first_name = u.legal_first_name
          asset.data.last_name = u.legal_last_name
          asset.data.full_name = u.fullname
          asset.data.display_name = u.fullname
          asset.data.title = u.business_title
          asset.data.status = u.terminated == "true" ? "suspended" : "active"
          asset.data.manager_email = u.manager_email
          asset.data.attributes = {
            manager_id:           u.manager_id,
            cost_center_id:       u.cost_center_id, 
            supervisory_org_name: u.supervisory_org_name,
            location_id:          u.location_id,
            service_job_id:       response.header["x-job-id"]
          }
          emit(asset)
        }
```

This would emit a 'User' asset for each user object in `response.data`. Note
that the response headers can be accessed under `response.header` and can be
used as needed.

## Caveats

The following features are currently not supported:

- Explicit authentication support, ex: Basic auth/OAuth/OAuth2/JWT etc.
- Retries with configurable backoff.
- Content type for request/response body other than `application/json`.

## Contributing

Refer to
the [contribution guidelines](../../../docs/docs/contribute/guide.md#adding-a-new-extractor)
for information on contributing to this module.

[proton-bucket]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/bucket.proto#L13

[proton-dashboard]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/dashboard.proto#L14

[proton-experiment]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/experiment.proto#L15

[proton-featuretable]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/feature_table.proto#L32

[proton-group]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/group.proto#L12

[proton-job]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/job.proto#L13

[proton-metric]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/metric.proto#L13

[proton-model]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/model.proto#L17

[proton-application]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/application.proto#L11

[proton-table]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/table.proto#L14

[proton-topic]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/topic.proto#L14

[proton-user]: https://github.com/goto/proton/blob/5b5dc72/gotocompany/assets/v1beta2/user.proto#L15

[tengo]: https://github.com/d5/tengo

[tengo-stdlib]: https://github.com/d5/tengo/blob/v2.13.0/docs/stdlib.md
